hey guys liam here from tekbloggers.com
and today i have a review of the now TV
box on our TV box achieved smart TV box
is designed to make your non smart TV
smart it has a large selection of apps
that allow you to watch a variety of
Internet content on your TV in the box
you get the now TV box itself then a TV
remote a HDMI cable and a power cable
set up was really simple all you had to
do is connect to your Wi-Fi network and
silence your now TV account and you're
set the interface of an our TV is very
intuitive all the buttons are large so
you can easily find out what app you
want to watch in the channel store
you'll find a wide variety of channels
to add from Vimeo to revision3 there is
definitely something to watch you can
also find BBC iPlayer into Man 5 for ITV
player and for adi aren't here just yet
video playback was smooth and the
quality looks great the Box outputs a
maximum of 720p which is great for small
TVs but if you have a large TV that may
be a problem with an a TV box you can
also access Sky Movies and Sky Sports
which is great for people who don't want
a sky subscription however it isn't
cheap to watch Sky Movies you have to
pay 8 pounds ninety-nine a month for the
first three months then 15 pounds a
month after that a Sky Sports Day pass
set you back nine pounds 99 everything
else on the box is free so you can watch
whatever you like the remote is pretty
simple the top row of buttons is for
navigating and the bottom set is for
when you're watching media there's also
a dedicated button to get to your apps
and then a TV screen the NASA TV box is
a great addition to any media center or
TV there's a large selection of content
to watch and as it's all online more and
more is added every single day being
able to access catch-up services like
iPlayer on your TV is great and
accessing Sky TV without a scope
subscription will be handy for some
people however with apps for major
services like Netflix and YouTube
nowhere to be seen you may want to wait
until you purchase some our TV box you
can get the box for nine pounds 99 via
the link in the video description this
has been liam for tekbloggers.com thank
you for watching don't forget to leave a
comment below the like button in this
video like this video if you liked it
subscribe for more tech
goodbye